So now that we've set up our extent manager class and we've made changes to our base page screenshot
method, we now need to make changes to our listeners.
So I'm going to open up the current class which contains the following.
So at the moment we're using one method which is on test failure, and this method on a test failure
will be triggered which would take a screenshot using take snapshot method from the base page class.
So I'm going to be adding some additional methods here for different events.
So underneath the constructor, I'm going to write.
Public.
And again, I'm going to use the synchronized keyword.
Void.
And the method that I'm going to use is on start.
And in brackets.
And then at the end of that, I'm going to add I open and close embrace.
So as we use in or we implement in the only test listener interface, this interface has methods which
I think can be explained previously when we first started setting up this in this class.
But if I hold down, control my keyboard and then click on the interface, you'll see these methods
that belong to this interface for which we can use.
So if I go back to this listener's class on test start or on start, sorry is a method.
Which is defined.
Let's try and locate it.
Yeah.
So some method that we can use and you can see it context.
Context is used within that which is different from the other methods which uses test results.
So if I copy that, it takes context.
And paste it inside those round brackets like so.
You'll see us accepted.
And if I hover over its context, it gives you a brief explanation of why it does.
So this class defines a test context which contains all the information for a given test run.
So that is the key difference between that and the only test results.
And this is a class that describes the result of a test.
So the ISIS context itself contains all the information for a given test run.
So that is the key difference between this method and the other methods that I have created and will
creates in a moment.
Inside this method, I'm going to write the following.
So I am going to use the extent manager class.
And I'm going to call a method of get report.
And if I open up the extent manager and look at get report that is this method here.
And this method is checking to see if this filled is no.
If it is is going to call sets up extent report which is this method.
And this method is also responsible for creating the extent reports, creating the reporter, and assigning
a reporter to the Extent Reports object.
So underneath this line.
I'm going to write the following.
Extent manager again, Dot.
Create test.
And then these two parameters are predefined.
So I'm just going to remove those and I'm going to use context.
Dot get host.
And in a second one context dot gets name.
And at the end of that line, a semicolon.
So that's his the on start method now complete.
So when this on the stance of of when I trigger the tests, this is going to be triggered and is called
in extent manager and is called need gets report method which will get the reports and then extent manager
dot create test.
And that create test is another method in here.
Which is this one here?
Which will create the test object.
So it's set in the Fred.
So that's his that method now complete.
So the next thing that I need to do is make some amendments to this on test failure.
So the first thing I need to do is add this synchronized keywords to it.
To avoid my friends becoming confused.
So now that I've done that, I need to make some adjustments to the inner code.
So at the top here I am again going to use the extent manager class.
And I'm going to write thoughts, get test.
Which is called in a method.
Dot file.
And inside this foul.
I am going to write the following.
The result which is used in this here.
Get.
Probable.
And then at the end of that line, it's simple semicolon.
So if I hover over, fail.
You'll see that this logs in event with a status of fail and an exception.
And inside the parameters inside the brackets is return in result, which is the information for this
particular test and is used in a method called Get Froebel, which prints out the exception when a failure
occurs.
I'm then going to make some changes to this choice statement here.
So at the moment, we're calling the take snapshot method from the base page, and then we're using
this result to get the name of the test as filed.
So before calling that, I'm going to write the following.
I'm going to simply use system.
Dots out the print when.
And I'm going to report the following.
Test failed in the colon and in space.
And outside those quotes plus.
Result.
Thoughts get.
Name like so with a semicolon.
So this is going to simply print out to console that a test has failed and is going to get a name of
the test that has failed.
For this take snapshot.
I'm using results to get the name of the test that has failed and I'm passing.
It's at its base page method.
As he takes take snapshot requires a string to be passed to it.
But I'm going to make a slight change to this.
So well I've got take snapshots result get name.
I'm now going to use result dot get method dot get name.
And you'll see there's an error and they get name.
As I need to change.
Don't get named.
Two thoughts get method name.
And you'll see the error now goes away.
If a hover over get method.
You'll see that this is referring to.
A testing method which returns the method that this particular result represents.
If I hover over get method name you'll see that it's they say returns the method name and this is needed
for serialization because methods are not seriously realizable.
So returns the method name.
Which is compatible with civilization.
So underneath this line I need to write one more which is going to again use extent manager.
But I'm going to use the attach image method.
Like.
So it was semicolon at the end.
So what this is going to do is it's going to call the attach image method from the extent manager.
Which is this method here?
I'm good.
Explained what this does.
So that is the changes I need to make to the onsets failure method.
So I need to now one more method and then the listeners will be complete.
And this is going to be a method responsible for calling the flush command.
So I am going to simply copy public synchronized void from above.
And pace to hair like so.
And I am going to use the method on finish.
And then brackets with an open and close embrace.
So again, on finish is another method which belongs to the it.s listener.
And I can show you that.
Which is here on Finnish.
It has context.
Context.
So if I simply copy that.
Paste it like so.
That will save us some time.
So all this method is going to do is again use extent, manager class.
Dot.
And if I go to the extent manager class.
I want to call the flash command, which is handled by this misfit here.
So I'm going to copy that name.
Plus reports.
And I'm going to add it like so with a semicolon.
And so what this method will do is that when the tests have finished, this unfinished method will be
triggered and it's going to use extent manager and called flash report method.
Which name cause the extent report the flush method.
And we've explained what the flush method does previously.
So that is the listeners class now complete.
So I'm going to save that.
And in the next lecture we can start amending our tests.